Genesis 1:4
And God saw that the light was good. And God separated the light from the darkness.

Genesis 1:5
God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, the first day.

Genesis 1:18
to rule over the day and over the night, and to separate the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.

2 Samuel 22:29
For you are my lamp, O Lord, and my God lightens my darkness.

Job 3:4
Let that day be darkness! May God above not seek it, nor light shine upon it.

Job 10:22
the land of gloom like thick darkness, like deep shadow without any order, where light is as thick darkness.

Job 12:22
He uncovers the deeps out of darkness and brings deep darkness to light.

Job 17:12
They make night into day: ‘The light,’ they say, ‘is near to the darkness.’

Job 18:18
He is thrust from light into darkness, and driven out of the world.

Job 26:10
He has inscribed a circle on the face of the waters at the boundary between light and darkness.

Job 29:3
when his lamp shone upon my head, and by his light I walked through darkness,

Job 30:26
But when I hoped for good, evil came, and when I waited for light, darkness came.

Job 38:19
“Where is the way to the dwelling of light, and where is the place of darkness,

Psalm 18:28
For it is you who light my lamp; the Lord my God lightens my darkness.

Psalm 112:4
Light dawns in the darkness for the upright; he is gracious, merciful, and righteous.

Psalm 139:11
If I say, “Surely the darkness shall cover me, and the light about me be night,”

Psalm 139:12
even the darkness is not dark to you; the night is bright as the day, for darkness is as light with you.

Ecclesiastes 2:13
Then I saw that there is more gain in wisdom than in folly, as there is more gain in light than in darkness.

Isaiah 5:20
Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter!

Isaiah 5:30
They will growl over it on that day, like the growling of the sea. And if one looks to the land, behold, darkness and distress; and the light is darkened by its clouds.

Isaiah 9:2
The people who walked in darkness have seen a great light; those who dwelt in a land of deep darkness, on them has light shone.

Isaiah 42:16
And I will lead the blind in a way that they do not know, in paths that they have not known I will guide them. I will turn the darkness before them into light, the rough places into level ground. These are the things I do, and I do not forsake them.

Isaiah 45:7
I form light and create darkness; I make well-being and create calamity; I am the Lord, who does all these things.

Isaiah 50:10
Who among you fears the Lord and obeys the voice of his servant? Let him who walks in darkness and has no light trust in the name of the Lord and rely on his God.

Isaiah 58:10
if you pour yourself out for the hungry and satisfy the desire of the afflicted, then shall your light rise in the darkness and your gloom be as the noonday.
 